I’m so sorry to be late when I’m the person who asked to meet.
It’s okay. What do you want to talk about?
Um, I’ll have Earl Grey without milk. Would you like more coffee, Kyoko-chan?
Sure.
So you’re a private tutor.
People like you are rare nowadays, aren’t you?
You get this involved about your students?
I’ve been a bit distracted and out of focus lately, and I was concerned that that might have been rubbing off on Lain and that I haven’t been teaching her properly.
Either that, or maybe things haven’t been going well for her at school.
I think she’s doing okay.
From your point of view, is she doing well in school?
I don't really know.
We used to be friends, but since we entered junior high school, we haven’t talked to each other that much.
Is this a test to see if she’s been behaving herself?
I don’t know what other kids are doing outside of school.
Wouldn’t you get your answers more quickly by consulting an advisor at school or something?
Oh, no, no.
It’s nothing serious like that.
Not at all.
But she’s a calm girl, isn’t she?
She doesn’t open up so easily?
I was just curious about how she’s doing in school.
Hmm.
Well, I have nothing to lose by talking to you, so ask me whatever you want.
I haven’t talked to Lain much recently.
She doesn’t have that many friends.
She used to be a little somber.
I guess you could say that she’s become more somber lately.